# -aerial-vehicle-path-planning
Finding the best trajectory plan for an aerial vehicle is the main subject of this project. The problem is presented by several constraints. I used ilcplex library to get the result based on the defined constraints.
It presents a Cumulative Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Routing Problem (CUAVRP) approach to optimize Humanitarian Coverage Path Planning (HCPP). Coverage path planning consists of finding the route which covers every point of a certain area of interest. This paper considers a Search & Rescue mission, using a homogeneous fleet of Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs). In this scenario, the objective is to minimize the sum of arrival times at all points of the area of interest, thus, completing the search with minimum latency. The HCPP problem is transformed into a Vehicle Routing Problem by using an approximate cellular decomposition technique to discretize the area into a grid, where the rectangles represent the UAV sensor’s field of view. The center points of the formed rectangles, become the nodes used for 
a UAV routing problem. This approach uses the objective of minimizing the sum of arrival times at customers, found in the Cumulative Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem (CCVRP), adjusted for the Search & Rescue Coverage Path Planning using UAVs. The Min-max objective is also implemented and tested. Three versions of a Parallel Weighted Greedy Randomized Adaptive Search Procedure - Variable Neighborhood Decent (GRASP-VND) algorithm is implemented to solve the Cumulative UAV Routing Problem for Humanitarian Coverage Path Planning.
